From: "CPSU.HumanServices" <cpsu.humanservices@cpsu.org.au>
Subject: 83% of DHS workers cannot be wrong
Date: 16 September 2015 7:54:09 pm AEST
To: kavacon@icloud.com
Reply-To: cpsu.humanservices@cpsu.org.au 

83% of DHS workers cannot be wrong
Dear Constantinos,
I’ve have been a union official for over 20 years and I can honestly say when I saw the 83% No vote result I was so proud of each and every member who made this a success. 
DHS staff finally had their say, and have comprehensively rejected the government and department’s bargaining position.  We will move quickly to follow up this result with further industrial action to demand the government change its unworkable policy so that we can secure an agreement that maintains current employment conditions and real wages (industrial action instructions attached).
Why do they keep getting it so wrong? 
For the last year the department has received its bargaining instructions from the Government.  It is this bargaining policy that has seen bargaining across the APS produce record delays and disruption.  It’s this policy that will need to change and that is why we will strike. 
Delegates and members lead the way
Over the last month delegates and members have provided leadership across over 600 DHS workplaces by:
	•	conducting workplace meetings 
	•	handing out information to staff 
	•	joining DHS workers to the union 
	•	talking to people about what is in the department’s agreement and 
	•	ensuring their workplaces had the information for members to make an informed decision. 
The ability of delegates to provide protection, support and guidance to members is one of the current rights that the government and the department have sought to attack in the agreement that has just been rejected. 
The courage of our workplace leaders deserves ongoing support and admiration. 
National DHS Industrial Action Thursday 24 September# 
Our industrial action in DHS started yesterday with members in the ACT taking a half day strike and joining thousands of their APS colleagues in a rally in Canberra. 
On Thursday 24th September all DHS members across the country (#except the ACT and Queanbeyan) will be joining other APS members in taking strike action to demand an agreement that maintains current employment conditions and real wages. 
Attached to this email are your industrial action tools: 
	•	formal industrial action instructions that members will need to follow for Thursday 24 September in DHS and 
	•	posters to promote this activity in your workplaces. 
If we stick together we will win 
We have seen great membership growth over the last year.  More members provide more resources and more strength to our call for a fair agreement for all DHS workers. 
If you know someone who is not a member – ask them if their conditions matter to them.  If they say yes, then put a membership form in their hand and say it’s time to join. 
In unity,
Lisa Newman Deputy National President, CPSU 16 September 2015

We need your help to fight public service cuts
Find out more and get involved at cutshurt.com.au 
CPSU Values: By joining our union you help make our workplaces and communities fairer. We believe every worker deserves; dignity and respect; a safe workplace; decent pay and conditions; rights at work and a balanced working life. Together we provide; a voice for all workers; support and promote a strong, independent public sector and ...make a difference.  JOIN: Click HERE or call 1300 137 636  ASSISTANCE: Members can call the CPSU Member Service Centre on 1300 137 636 UPDATE YOUR DETAILS: Click HERE 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------  This e-mail message and any accompanying attachment is intended for the use of the recipient only and may contain confidential, commercially valuable or legally privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient, or an agent responsible for delivering it to the intended recipient, you are notified that any use, review, copying or dissemination of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete this message. Before opening any attachments, please check them for viruses and defects. You are receiving this email because you are a CPSU member. 
If you have received this email by mistake, please let us know
 
